La Migra PlayerRead Me File La Migra, and its companion piece Crosser, is critical commentary in the form of a video game, conceived of as a piece of interactive digital art.To play La Migra, double-click on the La Migra Player icon. Then click once on the Go to work button. Use the left and right arrow keys on your keyboard to guide your U.S. Border Patrol vehicle along the border, the line it is your sworn duty to hold. Occasionally a foreign national will attempt to enter the country illegally. Press the space bar on your keyboard to fling handcuffs at the alien invaders. The captured aliens will march in an orderly way to the deportation center for processing. You are armed and authorized to use lethal force in order to defend yourself. Press the up arrow key on your keyboard to shoot aliens that threaten your personal, municipal, state or national security. Whatever you do, don't let them get behind you, your job depends on it.Note: There is an intentional delay between the time a player presses an arrow key and the time your vehicle reacts. This makes the game harder and forces the player to think. Go with it. Cool Things About La MigraLa Migra is artLa Migra is softwareLa Migra is political commentaryLa Migra is not politically correctLa Migra is cultural criticismLa Migra is multi-level homageLa Migra is cuteLa Migra is simple to learnLa Migra is challenging to playLa Migra is different every time you playLa Migra is guaranteed to bring you hours of funCreditsRafael A. FajardoProject director, principal character design, principal programmerFrancisco Ortega-GrimaldoBackground designRyan Benjamin MolloyAdditional character designTomas Marquez-CarmonaAdditional character designSpecificationsLa Migra was created using the Cocoa simulation environment developed by Alan Cypher and David Canfield Smith while at Apple Computers. La Migra has been tested - and successfully played - on a Macintosh IIci running Mac OS 7.6, and on a Macintosh G4 running Mac OS 9. It plays the same across this spectrum. The game window will fit nicely on a monitor set to 832 x 624 pixels, or finer, and which uses a minimum of 256 colors (8bit color). La Migra runs on 5 MB of RAM, increase its memory partition in the "get info" window if you experience any performance difficulties.Cocoa, Macintosh, and Mac OS are trademarks of Apple Computers Inc.All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.Crosser, La Migra, and the characters and likenesses of Carlos Moreno, Lino De Pieles, Maria Lucia De Pieles, Nita Moreno, Patricia La Machona, Marcia, X-rodar and Puerco Espin are copyright © 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Rafael Fajardo.email: rafaelfajardo@flash.net